Let's start with a foul python config that the owner is your user, the group owner is your user.
That is incorrect.
We will get to ownership shortly.
The permissions six six for that is also incorrect.
We will get to permissions shortly.
Let's open up config using Nenna.
You don't need to use Sudo because you are the owner of the file.
I'd like you to scroll to the end of the file, we have added four lines to the WP config file allow
direct updating without FCP.
The defined IFIs method direct will allow you to use the dashboard to update your themes and plugins.
The next line disallow file edit true that will disable the WordPress theme and plugin.
Ed, you can exit neno saving your changes.
Now we need to change the ownership.
The correct ownership is your user is the owner and the web server is the group owner.
Sudo C.H. own hyphen R.
We want the command to act recursively.
If you look at the directories, WP Admin, WP content, WP includes, we want this command to act on
those directories and subdirectories.
The owner is your user.
In my case, Andrew, the group owner is w w w hyphen daughter, the web server.
Now you type the path to your site so it's slash bar slash w w w slash your domain name.
Finally public underscore HTML.
A long listing will now display the change in ownership.
Your user is now the owner of those files and directories.
The Web server is the group.
Only now we need to change the permissions of our files and directories.
You cannot use the sigmoid command.
We need to make use of the find command sudo find the path where the files and directories are located.
So it's slash va slash w w w slash your domain name, slash public underscore html.
What do you want to find.
I find type D for directory.
Once you found all the directories, what do you want to do.
You want to execute a command mod and what permissions do you want.
Seven five five.
A double curly bracket.
Leave a space backslash semi colon that is to run that command on every single directory.
Before I type the list command look at WP admin.
It is our W, X or W X it is now or w x r x permissions of seven five five.
You don't need to type the find command out again.
Pressure up hierarchy, change the D to a if for files and the permissions on the files.
We want six four for the owner.
Read write the web server read other users read.
Look at WP ifn logging six six four.
Now it is six four four.
Now we need to change the permissions of WP IFN content.
The Directory WP hyphen content is the only directory where your web server needs to be able to write.
You can press your up Iraqi twice.
So for WP hyphen content are permissions for directories.
Needs to be seven, seven, five and four files.
It needs to be six, six, four.
So let's go to the six for four and change it to six six four.
But you need to specify the POS.
You need to add WP content slash after the public underscore HTML.
You can press your Ibaraki and we can change the six six four to seven seven five and change the F four
file to a D for directory.
If you look at the screen, WP content on the extreme left D indicating a directory.
Read, write, execute, read, execute, read, execute wp content.
Read, write, execute, read, write, execute, read, execute.
Its change to the hyphen content directory a long listing indexed p rewrite read write read six six
four uploads read, write, execute, read, write, execute, read, execute.
So we have now set the correct ownership as well as the correct permissions on our WordPress files and
directories.
I'd like you to go back one level and display a long listing.
One important file which we need to change the permissions off is WP config.
If you intend to install any caching plugin or any security plugin with a current permissions, your
web server would not be able to write to that file certain plugins when you install them.
Need to be able to write to that file when you configure the plugin, so it's sigmoid six six four,
followed by WP config DOT.
So at this stage, any security or caching plugin, when you configure the plugin using your dashboard,
will be able to write to that particular file.
When you finished configuring your caching or security plugin, you come back to your WordPress directory
and change those permissions to six forfour.
We will when we are configuring engine X, we will deny access to that file.
So with Engine X as your Web server, you can safely leave the permissions of WP Config two six four
for.